	What is Data Science?
Data science combines math and statistics, specialized programming, advanced analytics, artificial intelligence (AI), and machine learning with specific subject matter expertise to uncover actionable insights hidden in an organization’s data. These insights can be used to guide decision making and strategic planning.
The accelerating volume of data sources, and subsequently data, has made data science is one of the fastest growing field across every industry. As a result, it is no surprise that the role of the data scientist was dubbed the “sexiest job of the 21st century” by Harvard Business Review (link resides outside of IBM). Organizations are increasingly reliant on them to interpret data and provide actionable recommendations to improve business outcomes.

	Importance of statistics in Data Science?
As we know that Data Science is the study of data in different forms to make healthy assumptions about behaviours and tendencies and to make these assumptions the information needs to be organised according to the concepts of statistics so that the study becomes easy and hence the findings become more accurate.
 
When the data is big and unorganised, statistics plays a powerful role in that situation. When a company uses statistics to find insights, it makes the tedious task look minimalist and easy in front of the big and buffer information that was provided earlier.

	What is Data engineering?

Data engineering is the complex task of making raw data usable to data scientists and groups within an organization. Data engineering encompasses numerous specialties of data science.
In addition to making data accessible, data engineers create raw data analyses to provide predictive models and show trends for the short- and long-term. Without data engineering, it would be impossible to make sense of the huge amounts of data that are available to businesses.
	What is Data visualization?

Data visualization is the representation of data through use of common graphics, such as charts, plots, infographics, and even animations. These visual displays of information communicate complex data relationships and data-driven insights in a way that is easy to understand.
Data visualization can be utilized for a variety of purposes, and it’s important to note that is not only reserved for use by data teams. Management also leverages it to convey organizational structure and hierarchy while data analysts and data scientists use it to discover and explain patterns and trends. Harvard Business Review (link resides outside IBM) categorizes data visualization into four key purposes: idea generation, idea illustration, visual discovery, and everyday dataviz.

	What is Data cleaning?
Data cleaning is the process of preparing data for analysis by removing or modifying data that is incorrect, incomplete, irrelevant, duplicated, or improperly formatted.
This data is usually not necessary or helpful when it comes to analyzing data because it may hinder the process or provide inaccurate results. There are several methods for cleaning data depending on how it is stored along with the answers being sought.
Data cleaning is not simply about erasing information to make space for new data, but rather finding a way to maximize a data set’s accuracy without necessarily deleting information.
For one, data cleaning includes more actions than removing data, such as fixing spelling and syntax errors, standardizing data sets, and correcting mistakes such as empty fields, missing codes, and identifying duplicate data points. Data cleaning is considered a foundational element of the data science basics, as it plays an important role in the analytical process and uncovering reliable answers.

	What is Data cleaning?
Python is a computer programming language often used to build websites and software, automate tasks, and conduct data analysis. Python is a general-purpose language, meaning it can be used to create a variety of different programs and isn’t specialized for any specific problems. This versatility, along with its beginner-friendliness, has made it one of the most-used programming languages today.
Stack Overflow's 2022 Developer Survey revealed that Python is the fourth most popular programming language, with respondents saying that they use Python almost 50 percent of the time in their development work. Survey results also showed that Python is tied with Rust as the most-wanted technology, with 18% percent of developers who aren't using it already saying that they are interested in learning Python [1].
•	why we use it : 
automation, data analysis, and data visualization. Since it’s relatively easy to learn, Python has been adopted by many non-programmers such as accountants and scientists, for a variety of everyday tasks, like organizing finances.
“Writing programs is a very creative and rewarding activity,” says University of Michigan and Coursera instructor Charles R Severance in his book Python for Everybody. “You can write programs for many reasons, ranging from making your living to solving a difficult data analysis problem to having fun to helping someone else solve a problem.”
Python is commonly used for developing websites and software, task 
What can you do with python? Some things include:
•	Data analysis and machine learning
•	Web development
•	Automation or scripting
•	Software testing and prototyping
•	Everyday tasks

	What is Data in statistics?
Statistical data can be classified in a number of ways, but one of the most common ways is to divide it into qualitative and quantitative data. Qualitative data is non-numerical data that can be categorized into groups. For example, data on hair color would be qualitative data because this statistical data can be divided into groups such as "blond," "brown," and "red."
In contrast, quantitative data is numerical data that can be measured and compared. For example, data on height would be quantitative because it can be measured in inches or centimeters. There are many other ways to classify statistical data, but qualitative and quantitative data are two of the most important data types in Statistics.
	What is statistcs?
Statistics is the science concerned with developing and studying methods for collecting, analyzing, interpreting and presenting empirical data. Statistics is a highly interdisciplinary field; research in statistics finds applicability in virtually all scientific fields and research questions in the various scientific fields motivate the development of new statistical methods and theory. In developing methods and studying the theory that underlies the methods statisticians draw on a variety of mathematical and computational tools.
	What is mathematics ?
Mathematics is the science and study of quality, structure, space, and change. Mathematicians seek out patterns, formulate new conjectures, and establish truth by rigorous deduction from appropriately chosen axioms and definitions.
There is debate over whether mathematical objects such as numbers and points exist naturally or are human creations. The mathematician Benjamin Peirce called mathematics "the science that draws necessary conclusions". Albert Einstein, on the other hand, stated that "as far as the laws of mathematics refer to reality, they are not certain; and as far as they are certain, they do not refer to reality."
	What is computer Science?
Computing is part of everything we do. Computing drives innovation in engineering, business, entertainment, education, and the sciences—and it provides solutions to complex, challenging problems of all kinds.
Computer science is the study of computers and computational systems. It is a broad field which includes everything from the algorithms that make up software to how software interacts with hardware to how well software is developed and designed. Computer scientists use various mathematical algorithms, coding procedures, and their expert programming skills to study computer processes and develop new software and systems.
	What is programming language?
A programming language is a system of notation for writing computer programs.[1] Most programming languages are text-based formal languages, but they may also be graphical. They are a kind of computer language.
The description of a programming language is usually split into the two components of syntax (form) and semantics (meaning), which are usually defined by a formal language. Some languages are defined by a specification document (for example, the C programming language is specified by an ISO Standard) while other languages (such as Perl) have a dominant implementation that is treated as a reference. Some languages have both, with the basic language defined by a standard and extensions taken from the dominant implementation being common.
Programming language theory is the subfield of computer science that studies the design, implementation, analysis, characterization, and classification of programming languages.








